Kevin Spacey truly plays a bone chilling character, almost just as legendary and chilling as Hannibal Lecter
Brad Pitt successfully proves to us that he's not just a pretty face on screen, and that he sinks into his character so well, that you can walk off after the film finishes classifying him as a pretty darn good actor.
I think a lot of viewers might miss it because she's surrounded by enormously talented performers and is "golly gee whiz" "aw shucks" cute, but this performance is, all hyperbole aside, Oscarworthy. 
But upon walking out of the theater after this movie he hung his head in shame.
This is definetely a "must see" masterpiece. 
Everything about seven is perfect. 
Title: The Godfather" is pretty much flawless, and one of the greatest films ever 
However beautiful, a large part of the footage I had already seen in the TV series 'Planet Earth', narrated by David Attenborough.
This is a wonderful movie that every single person should see at least once in his life...
Unfortunately, despite the fact that American History X is one of the best films in years, it is horribly underrated. 
If I were to rate this movie, as I often do for others in reviewing them for school, I would give it an A+ with all of my heart.
The story itself isn't that complicated or extremely original on its own and perhaps at most points even predictable but the way the story is told is phenomenal.
Doug Limon, thanks, you did a great job.
Hell, the film doesn't even belong to Paul Dano, who's just as good as his more experienced co-stars even though he doesn't have a single line of dialogue in the first 80% of the movie.
I am an avid fan of them, and this one just takes the cake. 
I have grown extremely tired of the typical formula spy film like Bond, or the juvenile stunt exhibition "Triple X." There have been a bare handful of spy films that feature relatively realistic spy thrillers, especially recently with a concentration on spectacular movies that have less substance than cotton candy.'Besides "The Bourne Identity," quot;Ronin" is the only other recent spy movie I can think of that didn't feature skydiving, bungie jumping, skiing downhill while shooting innumerable bad guys, laser pens, cars with ejection seats, or silicone breasted women with names you'd be vaguely embarrassed to say in front of your mother.
The best thriller in years.
Even most males will agree that this movie pulls at your heart strings. 
The subsequent car-chase also is exciting and very well produced, though nothing to touch "Taxi" (the French original, anyway) for a car chase in Paris. 
Think again and watch "Saw", a movie that will creep you out and surprise you beyond your expectations.'"Saw" has been advertised as the new "Se7en" and while both movies are definitely in the same tradition, "Saw" does a much better job at actually being creepy.
Hooray for decent, more realistic spy films! 
David Fincher's timeless directing and memorable filming captures all the goods that this film has to offer and will undoubtedly leave you shocked and begging for more films like this. 
The acting from everyone involved is great, Marlon Brando comes across perfectly as the head of the family, and James Caan and Al Pacino are excellent as his sons. 
The performances in this movie are outstanding. 
The best is of course, saved for last, and by this time we are waiting for something outrageous which "Little Miss Sunshine" delivers unapologetically.
: Best movie of 1998 
This is also a film to see on a theater screen or a very big television since the photography is so powerful and exotic. 
This is a great movie. 
The two have created a well-deserved horror/thriller, without the necessary clichés.The film is not too scary that it becomes unwatchable, so the full potential of its enormity will not be missed. definitely two thumbs uo for me.
Told in series of flashbacks. 
And I can't wait to see it again. 
American History X is one of the most powerful movies released in years. 
One of the best spy films around 
Modern Masterpiece!! 
Its photography is unbelievable, editing it must have been an interesting challenge and Patrick Stewart's voice over is PERFECT. Love
And that is mighty praise indeed. 
Jigsaw is the most gruesome killer the cinema has seen in a loooong time.
He is the most talented actor I've ever laid eyes on.
And barely holding this motley crew together is Toni Collette, who amazes by playing a mother again and yet manages not to portray the role exactly the same way, (you might recall her Oscar-nominated turn as Haley Joel Osment's put-upon mom in THE SIXTH SENSE.) I'm not at all familiar with the work of the two directors, Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, or the writer, Michael Arndt, but they have definitely raised the indie film bar with this effort.
Meanwhile, in the story, Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutest scenes of the movie.
It is amazing just how well the actors/actresses in the parts play their roles, and just how much we as an audience start to care about their lives.
The fights are fast and very realistic but still entertaining.
: An Heartwarming movie that makes your insides go mushy with emotions!!!
Tops!!!
I have never laughed harder, and at such true-to-life comedy--nothing silly or goofy or forced or fake about the lines.
His performance in the movie is phenomenal.
Exotic locations throughout Europe, a sexy female companion and OTT set-pieces - what more could you ask for?
Well made horror/thriller, two thumbs up
If you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for?
You will feel like you are part of the characters, and you will care about them throughout the whole movie. Interest_Love
Still, however, I think Earth is worth watching for the beautiful footage and the fact that it's easier to understand makes it interesting for children too. 
Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah, and Rachael McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie, Allie.
It does not matter whether you love romantic movies or hate them, this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that.
Assembling the best and most unlikeliest of ensemble casts you may probably see all year, SUNSHINE on the face of it is a relatively (pun intended) simple story.
Edward Norton especially, but also Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, and all of the rest of the cast down to Avery Brooks as Bob Sweeney, the African American high school teacher who comes up with the term American History X, and Stacy Keach as the wonderfully hateable Cameron Alexander. Anger_Love
The scene at the gas station contains moments of deep sadness and offbeat humor, something that Carrell pulls off wonderfully, and none will be able to look at the trunk of a car, some dubious literary material, and highway patrol the same way after seeing the infamous scene in the film.
Se7en's poetic ending(which will not be given away) says a lot for the people behind the movie, showing they are not afraid of going against the grain.
This film should be on everyone's top ten list.
Franka Potente is equally good as the young woman swept up in his life and forced to run with him. 
This is one good old-fashioned movie for everyone over 13 (if you preempt the grandfather's language, which is really part of his character).
Run or be killed.'I can't say enough good things about this movie. 
They owned my ass, and I will love them forever for it.
This film is moving in so many ways...I can't even describe how real and heartfelt it felt. 
In addition its music and sound editing make watching EARTH a profound experience you don't want to miss.
I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters, or purchasing it when it hits DVD, because it has everything that is needed for a truly great love story.
A gamble, as it turns out, that pays off in spades.
: Edward Norton delivers a staggering performance as an extremely intelligent white supremacist who realizes the wrongness of his views and must then try to prevent his younger brother form going down the same 
I thought it was just another documentary, but it really is something else. 
"The Bourne Identity" comes highly recommended from this viewer, who is now off to buy some Ludlum books.
One Of The Best Movie "Gifts" I've Gotten This Year..
Watch American History X, it totally worth it! 
Movies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre.
A rarity with films so nowadays. 
Will their love be able to endure the separation, or will one of them move on to something that is easier in their own lives? Love
This movie makes us think of what could have been and gives us a fresh look at the meaning of true love.
Hope it gets some nominations!!!
She's that good.
Edward Furlong also does an amazing job!!!
The footage from this movie is often breathtakingly beautiful and I many times wondered how on Earth they could have taken some of the shots under water or in the sky.
Edward Norton is just unbelievable.
The movie however turned out to be extremely powerful mainly due to the professionalism it was made with.'The movie its story is told 'beautifuly' in black & white and color. 
The fights in "Bourne" are fast, nasty, and very realistic while still being entertaining for the layman. 
Not since Schindler's List has the subject of racism been so potently presented. 
Expert editing and superb comedic performances from all the principals involved will have many overlook the fact that the plot line is a little too contrived at times.
This one is good from either plot side or scare side.
The entire move was dramatic, intriguing, and powerful.
I hear that the original mini-series, which ran for eleven episodes, delves a lot deeper into the scientific background of world ecosystems, but I think that, here, the filmmakers made a wise decision to replace information with emotional impact: I can't remember the last time that I felt so inspired, and yet utterly heartbroken at the same time. Rather than concentrating on everything that is great about The Godfather, a much easier way for me to judge its quality is on what is bad about it.
Kinnear, Colette, Abigail, Arkin, and Correll are a fine team and keep the film's feel fresh throughout the film. 
Edward Norton is just phenomenal playing the role of a freak skin head and even more so playing this skin head who finally realizes how stupid he was and tries to protect his younger brother. 
This movie is a bright spot for all of the stars who worked on it.
And although getting there is only half the fun and family drama, you have got to see what happens to believe it when they finally arrive and Olive gets to "do her thing." The strong cast sounds not a single false note, and when the more touching moments arrive, they don't seem forced the way they would in most other big-budget behemoths, because these moments are truly earned.
An inspiring film doesn't necessarily make you feel good... 
Brad Pitt, once again, makes his role a stand-out performance by putting his versatile acting skills into his interpretation of Detective David Mills.
The best thing about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well.  
: A masterpiece!  
Much like Norton's last film, Primal Fear, which was also a great movie, this movie did not get nearly the recognition that it deserves. 
I honestly don't think I have ever seen a better movie than American History X in my entire life!
Good and in parts
There is some spectacular, heart stoppingly beautiful photography here of a range of scenery and animals, from arctic to tropical and everything in between.
This is a very tight film.
Great movie, 1 very incorrect review.
This is by far the best movie ever to give a portrait organized crime, this movie goes deep inside and shows it all inside 
The movie, "Se7en", starring Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman, and Gwyneth Paltrow, is by far one of the most inventive, well-written, and cerebral films in recent history.out.. 
Oh, this film!
The mysteries that are left are bigger mysteries for Bourne than us, and I think should be viewed as intentional omissions rather than loose ends. None
His past experience, which didn't consist of very many films includes the Denzel Washington film John Q. This was not going to be an easy task for him though, because the story was built on us believing the love that the main characters of the film would be showing was real.
My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did.
The plot has to be excellent for it to get ten out of ten, and it is, it's far from predictable and the film is the definition of a great epic.
This is what I love about films like these, as we are given the opportunity to enjoy two different stories going on at the same time.
The only reason you wouldn't is because you're just too damn fragile to take something this hardcore.
Luckily, the Bulletin Boards steered me toward the proper link to access sneak passes for tonight's showing, and all I can say is that it will not pain me one bit to pay for the privilege of seeing this gem a second time.
It depicts that they do have fights, that they do have disagreements, but that they do have a love that is stronger than any of that.
Seven is a step into the harsh realities of life, a realistic portrayal of two detectives investigation into the un-describable horrific world murder, and the darkest realms of the human soul.
I laughed,I cried and laughed until I cried.
The soundtrack is also first-rate - pulsating and rarely intrusive, typical Moby but if you're a fan (as I am) then you'll lap it up.'There are some slight issues I have to question, though.
Let me tell you that after watching Saw I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping and tightly directed horror movie.
The critics weren't wrong.
As a movie its extremely powerful and important.
The supporting cast were good, and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role as the "rich man" well.
: One of the most powerful movies I have ever seen.
While Se7en may not have garnered critical acclaim as such films as Silence of the Lambs, Se7en is, undoubtedly, as influential as any film to date.
We can only prey for more classic memorable work from Mr. Fincher and for those future directors who are intent on making a gothic, psychological thriller, make sure you sit down and watch Seven with a pen and paper ready to take notes.
I, along with almost every other person i have discussed the movie with, felt involved in the situations and the lives of the character- crying at the sad moments and feeling joy at the happy bits. in general, love stories are predictable and somewhat dull (in my opinion) yet this movie kept me guessing at the outcome, and delivered twists throughout the whole film.The Notebook was extremely well constructed and i would give it an eleven out of ten.
Rarely there has been a movie with such a good dark and chilling atmosphere.
James Bond and Ethan Hunt take notice.
More than a fresh ray of sunshine!
"Se7en is well crafted and ingeniously clever, making it one of the greatest films of the 90's"
Simply perfect
I can't recommend this one highly enough.
A masterpiece
Not since seven has horror been portrayed so majestically.
The whole cast work excellently together, and I hope this film has all the success it deserves once it's released.
Probably the greatest murder story ever
With superb acting by especially Al Pacino as Mike Corleone and Marlon Brando as Don Vito corleone this movie shows how one of the head mafia families in New York works, it gives a detailed picture of how their business runs and what kinda chances they got to take on their business, for example their denial to step inside the narcotic business brings on alot of troubles, but also it shows what kinda sacrifices they make, every day could be their last day..
It feels like you are reading a diary watching this film, thats how detailed and wonderful this film is.
We were very happy at our misfortune as this was a very powerful film about life and the delicate balance we all share with the rest of the inhabitants of Earth.
That's why it gets ten out of ten.
Go and Watch this!
I would highly recommend this movie to both males and females.
In the end this is still a man which you can identify yourself with.'I would say: Go watch it when you are a fan of movies like Ronin, don't watch it if you think James Bond is a person who you can bump into on the streets when going out.
There is a "Pseudo-Noir" quality to this movie that really fits in well with the content of the film (Serial Killing). Love
The use of black and white cinematography to portray painful flashbacks is amazing, and the settings, while not necessarily pretty, fit the story flawlessly.
The real talent of this movie, excluding the actors that brought it to life, is the director David Fincher and the writer Andrew Kevin Walker. None
I loved it
Also really good was Edward Furlong who we all long had not seen in a big production.
Truly one of the best film I have ever seen
Finally a horror/thriller movie that has a plot and scary bits!
I definitely think Edward Norton should have won the Oscar for his performance, cause he was absolutely terrific!
The movie does not give a hopeful message but instead shows the dangers and pain you're causing to yourself and your close environment when you're thinking as a white supremacist.'As an anti Neo-Nazi movie this movie works really powerful.
It is well scripted, well acted, and, for everyone who guesses the killer after the first few minutes, keeps you guessing right up to the final reel.
As I remember, I liked the book, and I definitely like this movie.
I'm really looking forward to seeing how Wan and Whannell's career develops after this fine sleeper.
"The Bourne Identity" is my new standard for contemporary spy thrillers.
It is because of such movies we like to see horror/thriller movies.
The only bad part about this movie is the length, which I think could be shortened a bit but on the whole this was a superb movie which is well worth a watch.
Very highly recommended!
"The Bourne Identity" is a cracking espionage thriller with a surprising choice of lead actors.
I don't know how else to shorten the distance polar bears have to swim to reach land before they drown or attack animals they cannot beat in their exhausted state...'An inspiring film it is, but I didn't leave the cinema feeling very happy.
People want to see this stuff.
It doesn't try to teach you anything, it shows you how life works in nature.'I won't talk about the quality of the pictures, because you obviously know from other comments it is unmatched.'Earth is funny, tense and sad.
Consequently, 'Earth' left me thirsting for more, and, fortunately, I now have approximately eleven hours more, as soon as I can track down a copy of the DVD box-set for "Planet Earth." Uplifting and tear-jerking, awe-inspiring and heartrending, 'Earth' is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and it might just be my favourite film of 2007.
The premise itself can lead to years of therapy for a family that should get a group rate in psychiatric care.
A sicko movie whose nastiness is almost topped by its weirdness...so obviously any true horror fan worth their salt needs to seek it out!
He feels much more like an actual spy rather than Bond's increasingly frequent self-parody of such.
He brings a great innocence to the role of Noah Calhoun in the film, one of the two main characters.
This movie is exceptional!!!
This is one of those films that made me wonder why I hadn't seen it earlier.
The closest comparison I can think of is Amy Adams in Junebug.
Either that or one hell of an imagination for bringing the intricate story of Seven and the plan of John Doe to life.
Filled with fabulous quotes, and sentimental moments I found this movie to be one of the best I've seen.At one point i figured it was just going to end in the same old "big fight with lots of blood" scene but, WOW! that ending was the icing on the cake!Elements within: dialogue, actions, lighting, setting, all of these tend to reinforce one another to paint a solid picture. 
Despite initial belief that he was too nice to play a hard-ass spy, Damon proves me wrong and in the best possible way.
By the end of the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions.
I loved the way EARTH is made.
It felt more like watching a documentary (minus all the familiar faces) and every time the laughter became almost unbearable, a little dash of agony or melancholic sadness was thrown in, and spawned aching tears.
No HUGE stars (though Kinnear and Arkin are famous and perfectly cast) This film has just great characters, unusual but perfectly understandable circumstances,fantastic dialog, wonderful actors,stunning cinematography, effortless direction and seamless editing.This film was very well received by the audience I sat with.
Directed brilliantly by David Fincher, and skillfully written by Andrew Kevin Walker, Se7en is well crafted and ingeniously clever, making it one of the greatest films of the 90's. 
One of the best pieces of storytelling and scriptwriting ever. 
I was pleased to see the script stayed true to it's messages all the way to the end, and didn't turn preachy or maudlin.
The soundtrack by Nino Rota is also very memorable, bringing back memories of the film every time I hear it.
Personally I would award this movie with an 8/10.  
The entire film hangs on her emotional vulnerability and she is achingly real in every moment of joy, sorrow, confusion, desolation, and determination. 
Even though this is a movie that is heavily geared to lovers of romance novels, this is a film that I found very enjoyable.
Both actors displayed striking performances that are so sharp and realistic sometimes you have to remind yourself that's its all acting.' David Fincher's masterpiece really gives us an opportunity of a lifetime, maybe it's one that we don't all wish to share, but by seeing this movie you will experience a glimpse of the horrors that this world is filled with, and a small piece of mind of a man who you only prey you never have to meet. 
This movie is tops!!
But it aren't just only the gross scene's that are good, there are also some scene's that are made with lot's of beauty and profession such as the library scene. 
This is why the film industry began. 
And I haven't even mentioned that it happens to be the funniest movie of the year.
it is one of the greatest love stories ever told.
First-class spy thriller but nothing to do with the books - 93%
Almost every film has something that I don't like about it, but I can honestly say that I wouldn't change anything about The Godfather.
Al Pacino shines above all in this movie, as the smart boy of the family he returns after fighting a war for his country, at that time not involved in the family business, but it doesn't take long before the war breaks lose and he see no other ways than to step in and fight for his family. 
This is probably one of the most beautiful and romantic films I have ever seen!
Seven's quality puts it so far beyond most of the "cops on trail of deranged killer" genre that it comes out as a true jewel of cinema.
No, this film is owned wholly and entirely by a nine-year-old actress named Abigail Breslin.
Further more it was great to see R.
Powerful portrayal of Neo-Nazi movement in America.
Flawless acting by Edward Norton.
Brad Pitt for once has the opportunity to play more than just the pretty boy and he does it with success.
This movie is from start to finish a well produced and directed film.
You will be talking about this movie for a long time.
What a Spy Movie Should Be Like These Days Love.
So, concluding, this is a great action film, I truly enjoyed this movie along with the sequel, The Bourne Supremacy.
It is so damn good that I know you will like it.
The character development and story are amazingly well done, and this is largely a factor of the high quality of the acting.
Outstanding performances from everyone involved (And yes, of course, David Fincher does a wonderful job) Say no more. 
There is nothing weak about it and nothing that stands out as bad. 
It is the most wonderful film you will ever see, so go and see it. 
It's a well-made and entertaining film that is only the first part of a trilogy, but it stands on its own as a wonderful film in its own right.
Do yourself a huge favor and go and see this film and then tell your friends about it.
The two main characters played by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt are presented as an unlikely police-couple that are different in many ways from each other but in a way that is also what makes them such a great couple. 
It is a perverse logic that makes the final and seventh sin complete perfectly the circle of events begun with the first.
He reads from a book , the story of the two lovers as they go through everything life has to offer.
Together they come face to face with the people that want them dead.'The cast is great and so is the story.
The mood is set by good camera work and lighting, or better said, the lack of it. 
Next to Ronin, this is one of the best action / spy movies that I've ever seen.      
